OK let's talk about promoting your app and Google search results the best way to reach potential users
who are actually looking for apps similar to yours is by creating a mobile search campaign.
Aside from using a different ad type this type of campaign is similar to search campaigns directing
traffic to your website within the search campaign.
You'll need to create a new ad group select at digital content ad and then enter your keywords people
would use when searching for your app in the App Store.
Now before your campaign can go live you'll need to create the actual ad app promotion ads formerly
known as click to download ads.
Make the ad creation process simple app promotion ads linked directly to Google Play store or Apple
App Store.
Making it simple for users who click the ad to download remember app promotion ads are much smarter
than your average ad Android app.
Ads will automatically only show on Android phones and iTunes apps will only show on iOS devices.
OK I'll see you in the next lecture.